they've been working hard to keep this
information from you but I'm going to
give you everything today you came here
for the truth so let me unveil that for
you in today's video I'm going to break
down the information that the Federal
Reserve has actively been trying to
prevent you from knowing it's going to
affect everything that happens in 2024
I'm going to show you the quotes I'm
going to give you the actual facts that
will occur in 2024 before it happens now
what I can see here is that 2024 is
going to look a lot different than 2023
yes it's an election cycle but more
importantly this is a business cycle and
I'm going to explain the details here
okay the very first thing we have to
understand is March Fed rate cut odds
have gone up quite a bit over the last
several months in the last you know few
weeks here we have seen a change what
does this mean well well we we are
expecting a big deal for March are they
going to start cutting interest rates
this is where the party gets started
this is when the DJ puts the music on
For the First Time March of 2024 you
have to understand if you want a party
you got to put the music on and that is
March 2024 why do I say this there are
three events that are occurring or
expected to occur March of 2024
if they do occur or even if we get let's
say two out of the three then this this
basically gets the party started people
start getting on the dance floor when we
have that it essentially means that we
are going towards a more inflationary
environment yes we could have a
recession yes we could have multiple
bank failures and there could be an
expansion of War it could be anything
but that's as of today and so what we're
seeing right now although there's been a
little bit of a change here is that the
market expects and by the way the market
in terms of Futures and swaps these
complicated financial instruments are
more accurate than when you have like
analysts or even the Federal Reserve
themselves that is a fact so we know
that when the market says this is likely
to happen it probably will not 100% but
probably and so right now there's a
little bit of a change and we'll show
you why so this just tells us that the
expectation of rate Cuts is soon okay
look maybe it's not March maybe it's the
following maybe it's the one after but
June is also another one because we have
to start looking at when quantitative
tightening will begin we'll get to that
in a sec well what we can see right now
is Bitcoin I think this is one of the
best Bell weathers of risk people's risk
tolerance you know it gives us an idea
of what happens to people when there's
Easy Money easy money all right let's go
in all the way on bitcoin and then it
goes from Bitcoin to the super risky
like ridiculous coins it just keeps
going down down down down until uhoh
let's get safer let's tighten up a
little bit then it starts to move back
into Bitcoin as well as the you know
your tethers usdc all these so-called
stable coins because they want to
balance that out they don't want to pull
that back into the traditional Fiat
Financial system they want to leave it
there this is part of that cycle and we
saw that Bitcoin hits you know almost
70,000 and crashes down pretty hard FTX
all that but now as it stands
Bitcoin has come up all the way to past
47,000 of course this is on the back of
you know a few events including the ETF
that is supposedly finally going to be
approved I don't think the ETF is that
big of a deal in terms of you know I
think it's just news that this all being
played on it's risk tolerance first
Bitcoin then the growth stocks and then
other things all behind it that's the
you know the the flow the general flow
of things when we talk about easy mon
policies that's what happened before we
don't have too much history but with
what we do that is the pattern and right
now Bitcoin has been going up and up and
up and it hasn't got that much attention
up until just recently however 47,000
isn't that far away from where we were
before and they haven't even cut
interest rates yet so I think it's
important to look at Bitcoin I don't
necessarily cover it because just the
price action itself you I mean you could
look at that any day you want but when
there's some news I do like to touch on
it you could see what's happening with
the consumer obviously with interest
rates the way they are mortgage rates
the way they are this is burdening
people I've talked about the buy now pay
later and this is just showing us that
people added a lot of credit card debt
and shouldn't be expected should it
should be expected because of course
holidays and so on and you know some of
what has happened if if you're in the
retail space uh or on e-commerce what
happens is generally with the you know
gifts and things that people are getting
they're getting a lot of gift cards that
happens to be something that people will
spend you know in the the following days
and weeks after Christmas but in this
case here seem to be using your credit
cards a lot and at as this shows you
over
20% interest rate it is
is I mean they're never going to pay it
back let's be honest about that okay and
so that's the consumer that's the
situation we are in and March 2024 is
the beginning but we're going to go
further than that right
here so this is Nick timos Nick timos if
you don't know works for the Wall Street
Journal they call him the FED Whisperer
he kind of leaks information into the
media so they can get a reaction from
the markets as a result of it okay so
we're talking about Lori Logan in which
I I covered in the previous video uh the
one with Jerome Powell screaming on the
thumbnail if you haven't seen that
definitely check it out so Logan comes
out says a speech I'll show you the
speech in just a second but that kind of
you know spooked the markets and what
we're talking about here is QT she says
they should slow the treasury runoff as
overnight reverse repo balances approach
a low level that's something analysts
say could occur by midyear that puts us
into that that June July time frame and
that's right around when the FED has
their meetings you see what I'm saying
here isn't that so interesting that we
have this taking place this is
interesting because of what we can see
with the Federal Reserve their actions
and everything that will happen in 2024
but I'm not done I'm not done it gets
even deeper let me show you slowing QT
reduces the likelihood that we'd have to
stop prematurely so if you watch that
video you already seen this uh so what
they're doing here is they're trying to
mop up excess liquidity they're doing
that through quantitative tightening
they're doing that through the reverse
repos and of course interest rates the
way they are all of this trying to
tighten there's just one problem they
haven't done
that it's actually gone the opposite
direction in what they're trying to
achieve and yet the market is already
saying that's enough already I want this
to end cut rates in
2024 and that seems to be the way it's
going it's funny because her I've all
said it all from the fed you know we are
going to keep rates higher for longer
but we're going to cut rates I mean they
can't even get their message straight
sometimes in the same exact speech all
right so I know you probably can't see
the font is pretty small trust me um on
the same page as and my face is right in
front of it but here we go okay what
they're basically saying is you should
read it I think you should read the
speech uh it's not you know fun and
exciting it's not a Mr Beast video
blowing up a house and a train and so on
but uh it will affect you your family
your friends your co-workers your
businesses and so on turning to the
fed's balance sheet and policy
implementation we have reduced our
Securities Holdings since mid 2022 at a
Brisk Pace consistent with the
principles and plans at the fomc
outlined and so on okay great the
Securities Holdings have declined by
$1.3 trillion from their Peak so they
were at $9 trillion at the peak they've
come down 1.3 trillion bank reserve
balances have actually risen by $350
billion to around $3.5 trillion okay
what is a bank reserve this is exactly
like it sounds so imagine your
Commercial Bank you go in you deposit
cash at the Commercial Bank that
commercial bank then takes their excess
and they say okay I'll keep it at the
FED when they're doing that they're
basically saying I just need to park
this cash here I want to make some money
on it and the Federal Reserve is going
to give me some cash back those reserves
happened to be happen to be consistently
as I dictate in the money mirror method
through that you will see the reserves
and the stock market correlated so you
say to
yourself the stock market has not
perform
well and the stock market has performed
well but the you know during this time
it shouldn't perform well because
there's been quantitative tightening no
there are so many factors which are here
and the reserves are so key so as long
as those reserves keep going up it could
make the stock market do very well and
you think it's about Apple's sales you
think it's about Boe with the airplane
door falling off you got to broadly look
at it you got to zoom out and you got to
see it over a period of a year not over
the period of you know a week where you
get some news that send things one way
or shape or form that's because reduced
balances in the Federal Reserves
overnight reverse repurchase agreements
is the reverse repos that facility has
more than offset the decline in
Securities Holdings increased treasury
issuance and a less uncertain interest
rate path have contributed to the rapid
runoff by motivating money market funds
to invest more in treasury bills so
we're getting complicated here but
anyway you can read the whole thing but
you see what what's being said here
we've been doing this quantitative
tightening thing we are trying to slow
down inflation and yet in this case here
it's the exact opposite occurring I mean
I can't believe it it literally says
they more than offset the
decline everything that they're trying
to do because they haven't done it
strong enough has resulted in what we
can see in the stock market and other
risk
assets so you have to get this through
your head here what do you expect for
2024 by already talking about
quantitative tighten income mid this
year and the potential for rate Cuts or
at least talk of rate Cuts in March of
202 for with these reverse repos that's
think of that like the janitor mopping
up all that excess liquidity all that
cash floating around that could
potentially if it continues at current
Pace go to zero in March of 2024 these
things are lining up by the way March of
2024 we also have another factor which
is the btfp the bank term funding
program that's the thing that those
emergency loans right the Emergency
Loans were supposed to be an emergency
temporary they set it up for one year
that comes up in March 2024 do you see
it's all lighting up we can expect some
serious stuff to happen between March
and that June July time frame stay tuned
to the channel hit that thumbs up when
you're subscribed here you're going to
get the latest and greatest I know it's
not Mr Beast blowing up buildings and
all kinds of stuff I I get that I know
I'm not Mr Beast
but I think it's I think it's extremely
important okay all right looking at this
you can just see the financial
conditions that Logan by the way did
talk about there are different measures
of of financial conditions she she like
breaks down several different types the
point here is that even though interest
rates are high Financial conditions have
eased considerably over the last few
months okay and that's like leading up
into the Federal Reserve cutting
rates your currency is going to be
devalued no matter where you are around
the world but these are the worst
performers of 2023 Lebanon my goodness
minus
90% worse than
Argentina and so when these type of
things happen I think it's important to
understand the currency you're holding
every single day is being devalued here
I'm just showing you about uh home and
auto insurance I just wanted to break
bring in the fact that look everything
has become more expensive to
you and that's your currency devaluing
don't think of it like hey the insurance
companies are ripping off yeah they they
always want to rip you off every company
wants the car companies want to you go
to the store they want to you go to the
restaurant they want to everybody wants
to take their pound of Flesh and in this
case here we got to do what we can on
the Sunday sessions live Sunday live
sessions that I have that is the number
one way the number one way and the group
that I'm with right now these people are
really one by one they're all going to
be getting themselves out of this mess
and they won't have to worry about that
currency
devaluation and I'm there to you know to
help them along there on the Friday
sessions that I have the Friday live
Finance Friday live these people know
all about the money mirror method they
know all about the reverse repos they
know all these things before I bring
them out onto YouTube because before
they're refined and I have all these the
things lined up I'm giving it to them
raw so if you want to join any of those
there's a link in the description money
GPS live you can check that but if you
are in a circumstance where you know you
need somebody to look at your financial
situation you're like look I just need
somebody to take a look give me some
advice whatever I have linked up with
the money pickle group money pickle will
get you the cfps or fiduciary
that you need and the call is totally
free 45 minute call Link in the
description right at the top there money
pickle I hope that you will get that I
got some great feedback so far I want to
thank you for being here today and don't
forget to check me out tomorrow because
I got the latest and greatest for you
take care